hey what's going on my name is Brett
United States of America and I'm
catching on Frank making some George the
old ones on top of the new ones that way
you know where to cut it and why
wouldn't you just by Jane Church as a
lie that got these jeans and they're no
good they're worn out just about worn
out so instead of throwing them away
make them useful yeah so you can wear
the jeans shorts kind of like what you
were on right now all right what are you
gonna do with the spares mm-hmm are you
gonna do the ladies I don't know what
would I use that for all right wash car
with ya did it fit well they did so is
there a rule with making George like
maybe no we're not like four inches from
the plums well you want to get them even
so they're both the same
oh did they irritate you the phrase I
mean brave yeah the phrase no I gotta
get another pair be right back I gotta
get another fairy here you ever feel
like putting some tassels on them you
know see I've had these short since
these are the ones no one is sure about
me back about 4 years ago in fact oh
right there's a date Luke 729 mm little
for before see so they're almost 4 3
years old
well yeah that's over now
except can you make those ones tie it
like daisy dukes no
now you don't mean anytime on your and
your be Janet rewards
gent you know yeah I know I wore a para
George one time that we're like so tight
and then this lady like yelled at me at
the store she says pull those jorts down
you're gonna hurt your balls you're
kiddin where was this at winn-dixie yeah
yeah my folder shut the hell up and
write her business if she had balls she
could worry about him herself that's
what they call the French cut I'm bowing
you notice I'm lying about an extra inch
here let's look gonna be hemmed up over
Lily you do your own hemming you know I
gotta find somebody to do that I don't
have any machine if you had a machine
when you do your own either try alright
I made that straight what are you gonna
do with that big pile of down though
sorta way you want I might take it you
put in the whole point of the project to
take something old and make it new you
know kind of recycling that looks like
you're just gonna throw out the Ginga
way I'm sure there's some what about it
what do they do when they make juice I
mean when they make these to start with
you think they make the legs well they
don't make George to start with I mean
when they make George to start with and
what do they do they make the legs a
full loop and then cut them off or not
okay
well they just come out of a module of a
non short machine my nigga watch says a
couple times get a good Freddy gun
buddy and the bastion warrant you are
fighting dirty